---
layout:     post
title:      "Node.js - New Javascript"
subtitle:   "Node.js is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment for server-side and networking applications."
date:       2015-03-27 14:00:44
author:     "Lucas Gatsas"
header-img: "img/Stiftsbibliothek-StGallen.jpg"
---
<h2 class="section-heading"><strong> Node.js on OSX 10.9 Mavericks</strong> </h2>



(1.)<strong> Xcode.</strong> Apple’s XCode development software is used to build Mac and iOS apps, but it also includes the tools you need to compile software for use on your Mac. XCode is free and you can find it in the Apple App Store.



(2.) <strong> Homebrew </strong>. Homebrew is a package manager for the Mac — it makes installing most open source sofware (like Node) as simple as writing brew install node. You can learn more about <strong> [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/ )  </strong>
at the Homebrew website. To install Homebrew just open Terminal and type <code>ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)" </code>. You’ll see messages in the Terminal explaining what you need to do to complete the installation process.

<h2 class="section-heading"><strong>Installation</strong> </h2>


(1.)  <strong> Open the Terminal app </strong> and type <code> brew install node. </code>


(2.) <strong> Sit back and wait. </strong> Homebrew downloads some files and installs them. And that’s it.


To make sure you have Node and NPM installed, run two simple commands to see what version of each is installed:

To see if Node is installed, type <code> node -v </code> in Terminal. This should print the version number so you’ll see something like this <code> v </code>
To see if NPM is installed, type <code> npm -v </code> in Terminal. This should print the version number so you’ll see something like this <code>  V </code> 



<h2 class="section-heading"><strong>How to Update Node and NPM</strong> </h2>



Download: node.js ! 

[Download node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/)  





<blockquote>


"Node.js is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment for server-side and networking applications."
</blockquote>